==================== HexFileTokenCounterFeatureExtractor ====================

Subtrain data:
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.feature.extract.HexFileTokenCounterFeatureExtractor spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/subtrain /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/subtrainLabels.csv

Full data:
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.feature.extract.HexFileTokenCounterFeatureExtractor spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Volumes/Mac/data /Volumes/Mac/data/train /Volumes/Mac/data/trainLabels.csv

==================== HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier ====================

Usage:
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv

Local:
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv Normalizer 500 0.7 0.3 | grep Accuracy

Cluster:
(1)Normalizer
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv Normalizer 500 0.9 0.1 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv Normalizer 500 0.8 0.2 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv Normalizer 500 0.7 0.3 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv Normalizer 500 0.6 0.4 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv Normalizer 500 0.5 0.5 | grep Accuracy

(2)StringIndexer
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StringIndexer 500 0.9 0.1 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StringIndexer 500 0.8 0.2 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StringIndexer 500 0.7 0.3 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StringIndexer 500 0.6 0.4 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StringIndexer 500 0.5 0.5 | grep Accuracy

(3)NoTransformer
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv NoTransformer 500 0.9 0.1 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv NoTransformer 500 0.8 0.2 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv NoTransformer 500 0.7 0.3 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv NoTransformer 500 0.6 0.4 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv NoTransformer 500 0.5 0.5 | grep Accuracy

(4)StandardScaler
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StandardScaler 500 0.9 0.1 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StandardScaler 500 0.8 0.2 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StandardScaler 500 0.7 0.3 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StandardScaler 500 0.6 0.4 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv StandardScaler 500 0.5 0.5 | grep Accuracy

(5)MinMaxScaler
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv MinMaxScaler 500 0.9 0.1 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv MinMaxScaler 500 0.8 0.2 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv MinMaxScaler 500 0.7 0.3 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv MinMaxScaler 500 0.6 0.4 | grep Accuracy
bin/run.sh malware-classification-random-forest-1.0.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar com.huntdreams.rf.classification.HexFileTokenCountFeatureRFClassifier spark://nopromdeMacBook-Pro.local:7077 /Users/noprom/Documents/Dev/Spark/Pro/malware-classification/data/hex_file_token_count_feature.csv MinMaxScaler 500 0.5 0.5 | grep Accuracy